Usage Notes:
------------

 * Dome Control is not using correction grid.  This feature will be
   implemented in near future.

 * If Dome Control is executed from terminal window by command:
 
   java -jar DomeControl.jar

   you can track some debugging messages.

 * Some combinations of parameters lead to division by zero and
   wholeover application failure.  Program doesn't take care about
   forbidden values, so be careful while playing with parameters,
   especially Dome Radius seems to be the most critical one.

 * If Dome Error is reported, it means, in most of the cases, a
   malfunction of frequency changer.  In such case, follow these
   instructions:

   1. First of all, try to restart Dome Control.  If Dome Error is not
      reported anymore, it was a fake report caused by software bug.
      In this case, please, REPORT THE BUG! (see file BUGS).

   2. Close Dome Control and all the other applications communicating
      with control unit on all connected computers.
  
   3. Go to the dome building and copy the number shown on the
      frequency changer display, which indicates the error code.  This
      number cannot be saved electronically and it is the only way how
      to track the cause of the malfunction.

   4. Switch whole control unit off using the large power button.  In
      this moment you have to wait a couple of minutes till all of the
      internal <condensators> will be discharged.  Please, convince
      yourself that there is no <flashing> LED, neither on the control
      unit nor on any of the sensors.  After this, switch the power
      button back on and wait for a couple of seconds, till the
      control unit will be booted up.

   5. Return the dome to the parking position using hardware manual
      control (taster).  Convince yourself that LED on the zero
      position sensor is <flashing>.

   6. Restart control unit once again, according to the point 4, to
      ensure that the unit is using correct zero position.

   7. Run Dome Control.

   Following this instructions during every malfunction of frequency
   changer should ensure correct behavior of the dome after the
   failure and may help to track the cause of the malfunction.
